cp: cannot open 'banana_015_a' for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open 'banana_015_b' for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open 'banana_015_c' for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open 'banana_015_d' for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open 'banana_015_e' for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open 'banana_015_f' for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open 'banana_015_g' for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open 'mela_015_a' for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open 'mela_015_b' for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open 'mela_015_c' for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open 'mela_015_d' for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open 'mela_015_e' for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open 'mela_015_f' for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open 'mela_015_g' for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open 'pera_015_a' for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open 'pera_015_b' for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open 'pera_015_c' for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open 'pera_015_d' for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open 'pera_015_e' for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open 'pera_015_f' for reading: Permission denied
cp: cannot open 'pera_015_g' for reading: Permission denied
